not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: ;
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: ;
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: ;
entering column_unifier
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering column_unifier
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: ;
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering column_unifier
not chunked, to check sep
entering check sep
valid seperator found: ;
entering column_unifier
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering column_unifier
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
entering check sep
valid seperator found: 	
